who can morning everybody
it's Valerie from the ultimate collector
channel with my Baby Alive doll and she
just woke up like those sleepy eyes toy
character I'm hangry oh you want some
breakfast
alright well what would you like little
sweetie hmm we want ice cream ice cream
for breakfast you gotta be kidding me
nope ice cream it so anyway get me ice
cream well that's not very polite oh I'm
sorry
um may I please have some ice cream
well that was polite but no ice cream
for you come on you should have a nice
healthy breakfast
I mean Cameron ice cream for breakfast
no no no I can't do that hmm well I know
another delicious treat and it's
actually pretty sweet for breakfast you
want some waffles
I can even waffle and you know what he's
really good with a waffle no what ice
cream won't Apple you mom with ice cream
oh man I don't know about this well
let's just start making a waffle for you
okay okay now it's time for me to be
very polite and helpful so I can try
getting some ice cream on my waffle okay
here I have my Melissa and done waffle
maker and we need to turn the dial to
turn it on and I don't want to turn it
on red because I don't want to burn your
waffle how about this yellow right here
this thought then let's open up the
waffle maker
I already mix the batter well my little
baby was asleep so let's put it in okay
here's some waffle oh can we kick there
me ipys help paint have being helpful oh
okay just be careful cuz you don't get
burned okay I'll be careful yeah okay
perfect
okay the waffle is in the waffle maker
and why don't we close the lid and cook
now little baby while this is cooking
what do you really want on your waffle
they want some strawberries that's a
delicious fruit or maybe some honey or
maple syrup anything about this and ice
cream cheese ice cream on tap oh come on
you have to have something healthy
okay I'm strapping the ice cream here
strawberry ice cream oh well do you want
some strawberries how about just some
strawberries there's strawberries
earring jacket chips and maple syrup
well you have two sweet teeth right
there
yech and we have two T's bet you're both
sweet teeth yeah well oops I just heard
a ding let's check on your waffle let's
see here mmm piping hot let's use a
spatula and we'll flip it onto your
plate
wow that was perfect now let's give you
a half maple syrup does that sound good
mm-hmm with some strawberries that looks
really good and then since I love you
half chocolate chip well are you ready
to eat on Titanic don't you forget
something what did I forget
oh wait let me guess ice cream oh yeah
um you forget the ice cream
you know what I think I'm going to win
this morning and you have been very
helpful and polite mm-hmm I'm a very
pale a baby
okay well let's give you some ice cream
we're you missed breakfast ever you know
what I think my baby's a little spoiled
but here you go a waffle with strawberry
syrup chocolate chips and ice cream holy
cow and nope we can't eat him thank you
so much I'll toy collector oh you're
welcome but where's your manners you
should be using a spoon and a fork and a
knife oh yeah I'm sorry
hmm well Tina next time
well I'll try collect their fans I hope
you enjoyed this video and I was
wondering have you ever had a waffle
with ice cream before I actually never
have but I know that people have done it
before maybe I'm just not a lucky person
like this cute little baby doll they
have a waffle with ice cream but you can
write down yes or no in the comment
section if you've had a waffle with ice
cream also please remember to click like
and subscribe goodbye and have a great
day
you